samples: openthread: Add RCP variant for Co-Processor sample (#4045)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

KRKNWK-6848: Reduced throughput

>   Performance testing for :ref:`NCP sample <ot_coprocessor_sample>` shows a decrease of throughput of around 10-20% compared with the standard OpenThread.

Reviewer: In the [documentation ](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_thread_architectures.html)we distinguish `System-on-Chip designs` and `Co-processor designs`.
```suggestion
  Performance testing for :ref:`NCP sample <ot_coprocessor_sample>` shows a decrease of throughput of around 10-20% compared with the System-on-Chip design.
```

Reviewer: If it's too late to change that please ignore this nit.

Author: I believe by "standard OpenThread" the author meant OpenThread with raw nrf528xx platform port.
